Create a ``TypeVar`` style for ``invalid-name`` (#5894)
PyCQA/pylint: doc/whatsnew/2.13.rst

  Closes #5360, #3877

> * ``invalid-name`` check now also checks ``TypeVar`` for a pattern set with the new option
>   ``--typevar-rgx`` option or a default ``PascalCase`` based style.

Author: ```suggestion
* Improve ``invalid-name`` check for ``TypeVar`` names.
  The accepted pattern can be customized with ``--typevar-rgx``.
```
